[Music]
she's by my side all right concentrate I
met her in my pajamas in
[Music]
all right in my pajamas the first day of
school my teachers said why don't you
draw a picture for your parents
so I drew a picture of an alligator and
I named him Terrence what I gave that
picture
mom she said I love pink out of gages
then she bought some magnets and she put
my picture on the refrigerator and she
said she would
so the
everyone
[Music]
[Applause]
but she liked my picture and how proud
she is
[Music]
why you're drawing
it's a frigerator picture
for my refrigerator picture for my mom
[Music]
and now here's the host of the show it's
a feast for the senses with Barney and
all his friends in Barney's sensational
day your senses will come alive like
never before
as you see the excitement smell the
wonderful aromas taste the delicious
food it's a feel the different textures
squishy sloppy gloppy goopy soupy gooey
juicy finger boots and hear the
delightful sounds using Barney's camera
and a little imagination the kids set
out to create their own movie camera
that's shown that means fun fun fun as
Carlos Tasha Kim and Jason spend the day
filming everything they see hear touch
taste and smell and what movie would be
complete without its very own movie star
Oh movie could I be in it I've never
acted in a movie before that's right
it's BJ and his most exciting roll ever
[Music]
experience all the fun the food the
friends and don't forget the popcorn
because it's more than super-dee-duper
it's sensational
Barney's sensational day exclusively on
home video
[Music]